In this video you're going to learn how to respond to comments on your youtube videos in bulk and also
had to put some settings in place so you can reduce the common spam on your channel.
So there are two places where you can respond to comments underneath your on your videos and one is
right underneath your videos on the actual watch page.
So if you scroll down you can see the comments from viewers here.
You can just click reply to respond to them.
You can say it's great to hear your positive feedback.
You might often get questions that you can ask.
And oftentimes there are some very good questions some interesting questions that you might want to
move to the top of the comments so other people see them and you can do that by simply clicking on these
three dots on the side here they come in.
And then this comment will appear at the top of your comments section.
This is great when people scroll down just from watching the video.
If there's a great question here.
Positive feedback where something interesting can be good to pin that.
Or you might be getting a common question and you can just pin your answer to the top.
So that's a useful feature that pin feature apply to comments just simply give it a thumbs up and just
to show that you are paying attention to what people are saying and that you don't have to Rapides every
comment.
But it is good to reply to one or two comments just to show people that you are looking at what they
are saying.
And that encourages more people the Commons to ask questions.
And that's especially good if you ask people the Commons remember commenting again is a signal that
you YouTube will look at in terms of ranking Your videos are people engaging.
It's one of the signals that they will look at.
So responding underneath the video is a great way to do it.
However once you've got a number of different videos you can imagine it can be quite hard to respond
to them all.
So thankfully YouTube have a dashboard where you can respond to all comments and to access it you want
to click on your icon in the top right hand corner of the screen then click on creators studio and then
come down and click on community here and it's in this first dashboard Commons where you can really
respond.
The Commons you'll see and hear that there are the comments and the videos that they relate to.
You can give them a thumbs up or apply directly here.
You can also report spam or you can block a commenter if it is someone who's continually adding comments
that are on helpful or negative etc..
Now another great thing that you can do as well is responding to comments here is set up some rules
to reduce comments.
So if you come down into community settings you can paste in some moderators to help put your comments
as well.
More importantly what I want to show you here is that you can block links.
This is a very handy feature and it definitely reduces the huge amount of spam on channels.
So really what it is is it puts a filter into place that any new comments will be held for review if
they have a hash tag or you are l in them.
So if you come down into your comments section held for review you're going to see really all the comments
here that have those links and you can then select them you're going to get something like this you
can tick tick tick and you can either report them as spam remove them or approve them.
So that is a very handy little setting to set up.
It can reduce a huge amount of comments on your channel and really keep that common section of your
videos a useful resource for people where it's not getting overrun where other people are promoting
their challenge or web sites.
It's actually a list of helpful questions or positive feedback or something that is useful to people
watching the videos.
So now it's your turn.
Come into the creators studio and under the community section and you can monitor those comments or
set up those settings to really reduce your current spam.